cookies and cream I
it's funny can use that iris play catch
well stick came from the 1930s and 40s
basically it was a type of humor of the
time people like Abbott and Costello and
Jack Benny and Bob Hope used to do
shtick and what happens is that that
humor at the time is considered very
very clever wow wow wow but now as an
illness it's just really in the way how
could you not have relished click on the
main fries condom mustard relish ketchup
no relish
all right that's got to stop all that
gadzooks crap I'm serious here serious I
know that's enough that's enough stop
stop it stop taping you got on that dog
sauerkraut readiness our quote that's my
way
the worst part is that like it's not
even her anymore this empty shells
giving us the same jokes over an hour
the beginning was funny everyone laughed
and now it's stick not a good way the
bacon burger tonight tonight I have to
tell Margaret I I can't do the show
anymore so let's fucking out of control
I don't give a fuck to the disease we're
over it you know I am just so over
shalini and her Broadway trip I don't
even know gadzooks I just want to say to
Henny Youngman takes the limit wait
actually the joke with her now that she
just doesn't say anything anymore but
that means anything dammit sickle cell
anemia damn it
this is my wife i slip my wife
hellenic we really need to talk to you
about your stick problem plan to see
your own benefit because because we love
you eleni you need help honey we're only
saying this because we love you you
really sick and Blair you guys okay you
see you're telling us apart you need
help sickle cell
stiffel cell I don't even know